### What's bothering you?
_Ask searching questions_
Lillian staying up

### What are you grateful for?
Not much
### What worked today?
Notthing
Why are you in such a mood? You had a day taking care of the girls, bahn mi sandwiches for supper, some good work, and a walk with Josh. Why does Lillian staying up late color the whole day as terrible?
I REALLY REALLY WANTED TO PLAY DARK SOULS, YOU TWIT.I'm so angry.
Why does it make you angry?
BECAUSE I SPEND THE REST OF THE DAY DOING CRAP I DON'T LIKE AND DON'T WANT TO DO, AND THE LOUSY HOUR THAT I WANT TO DO SOMETHING, I CAN'T. SO THERE. NOW I HAVE TO DECIDE BETWEEN GETTING ADAQUATE SLEEP AND MEDITATING AND JOURNALING AND DOING ALL THE CRAPPY CRAPPY STUPID GOOD FOR ME STUFF. I DO STUFF THAT IS GOOD FOR OTHER PEOPLE ALL FREAKING DAY, AND THEN I DO STUFF THAT'S "GOOD FOR ME" WHEN I SHOULD BE SLEEPING. WHEN DO I GET TO HAVE A BIT OF FUN? WHEN DO I GET WHAT I WANT?
What about last night?
Yeah, that was nice. I stayed up too late it was so nice. I just hate that I have to wait until 11 or later to do something that I really, truly want to do, and the wakeful baby just plows through it.
That would be frustrating. But you do have game night.
YEAH but I feel BAD about game night, and there's always a freaking ruckus and arguing. The only time in the week where i can actually do something enjoyable when it's freaking quiet is now. Lillian keeps just staying up late and afiolnfuiwbguiaw;gnrwui; i hate it all.
Can you think of any ways to improve this?
get less sleep, and just play games from 12:00 to 1:00. U:
Any others?
I CAN DO MORE GOOD FOR ME STUFF. HOW BOUT THAT. OR I CAN SIT ON MY ASS ON THE COUCH AND LOOK AT SOCIAL MEDIA, THAT'S FUN, THAT'S ENJOYABLE, SURE ISN'T JUST A FREAKING DAG NAB WASTE OF TIME - A TRANQUILIZER.A NAFP UIPWEFU
Is there anyhting that you can do during the day to releave this?
NO BECAUSE I DON'T LIKE ANYTHING. AND I CAN'T FOCUS ON ANYTHING. I JUST HAVE OT SITT LIKE A LUMP AND CLEAN THE HOUSE WHEN I GET BORED.
What about work?
Work's ok, it's just hard. 
Dark souls is hard.
YEAH YEAH. But dark souls has instant feedback. Creation makes me feel ok for a while, but it takes a long time to get anywhere.BECAUSE I DONT HAVE TIME
Maybe it's time for bed.
YEAH, YOU'RE NOT FIXING ANYTHING TONIGHT, BUB. SEE WHY I FEEL SO FREAKING TRAPPED? I'M A RAT IN A CAGE. I'M STUCK! STUCK!

### What didn't work?

### What can you improve tomorrow?

### Anything memorable happen today?