### What's bothering you?
_Ask searching questions_
Not making any money right now.
Why?
Because. I wish I was making money.
What for?
To buy a house and nice things
why do you need those
for my family and for me to have a good life
do you not have a good life now
could be better
it could always be bettter. What improved if you make more money?
Other people's opinions
well, chacing other peopple's opinions is a fool's errand
I know that's why i don't have. a regular career.
so why do you need to make money right now? You're doing things that will make money, in time.
I juust want more money
why
to have a nice controller
why
so i can be good at dark souls
why
so i dont feel like a scrub
why do you feel like a scrub for struggling with a notoriously difficult game?
i donno, i guess i don't need to,. I feel bad about hte backyard, though
why
because it's a mess
clean it up then
that takes time and a weed wacker i don't want to humble myself before grandpa
why
because it's embarassing
why
because im no a proper adultt
why
because i suck at being an adult
but you're an attenttive father, caring husband, creative artist
yeah, but what does that get me?
A good life, wether or not you admit ittt.

### What are you grateful for?
Sleep
### What worked today?
A pedometer to encourage me to walk
### What didn't work?
taking the girls on a walk. Anya complained about not being ab;e tp walk ahead (i wanted her to walk with us and talk) and ellie threw a fit about not being able to go anywhere.
### What can you improve tomorrow?
Be more asserive about what games I want to pplay
### Anything memorable happen today?
Ellie said something funny, and I completely forgot it. :(