
_answer any questions that capture your interest, don't fill it all out._
Sunday: Lover | Monday: Magician | Tuesday: Warrior | Wednesday: Magician | Thursday: Warrior | Friday: Lover | Saturday: King
## Morning
### What are you grateful for personally?
My great girls, clear cancer appointment for Sonia, NFTs.
### What are you grateful for professionally?
Woodcut art style. So fun to do.
### What 3 things do you most want to get done today?
House clean, dishes done, exercise.

## Evening

### What's bothering you?
_Ask searching questions_
Amalia ran off as soon as she saw me.
Why does that bother you?
Avoidence is going to turn me into a mental monster for her.
So? That's her choice.
I don't want to be a mental monster for someone.
You can't fully control that.
Yeah, but I feel guilty about it.
Why?
Because I'm the source.
But not the _cause_.
Yeah, yeah.
There's no guilt needed - she's responsible for her own feelings. Right?
Yeah. I still feel unhappy about it.
I get that. No suprise there. But I don't think that unhappiness means something needs to change. Pray for her, and morn your previous relationship.
### What are you grateful for?
Davey and Adam. Got to talk with them today.
### What worked today?
????
### What didn't work?
Running in converse. Slippery as heck, skinned up my arm. Also, didn't bring a hat.
### What can you improve tomorrow?
Journal in the morning
### Anything memorable happen today?
Ellie, when saying goodbye, yelled at Gideon (no pauses, steam of consiousness) "SadlyWe'reGoingToBeLeavingSoon,Gideon,Goodbye." and everyone in the room broke out laughing.